friends, I come to teach you how to make
These cute little stones for girls
they are in this opportunity they have flowers
We are going to make another artificial
design of flowers that we are going to
teach him I know that you know
do but for those new girls
who come to the channel to learn it
to do we are going to use this cord that
we have already bought it so it is a color a
grade cord where they come different
alone
good in variety of colors so that
you ask
if you do not get in this kind of
braided laces thin you
can use what is mouse tail
that comes thin or thick can
use any other kind of subject
of the leather so that you can
make a normal braid and so on
elaborate these beautiful lands you have to
make them a nudity because when you
purchase then they start to drop out
they do the knots and you just
they cut what are the little tips
that you look good, you have to
seal the
and so you do not know what is damaging what they are
the tips of the lands here
we have simply cut by meters
to be able to now the earth cut it by
meters fold it in half like the
we have here and we are going to use in this
opportunity a shakira or a donut
plastic we introduce this we will
serve to hold what is the future of
the head of the girls there you
take the measure of the little head is the
girl and they make a knot the one that will help
to hold and that they are very accurate
the little girl's head can use
these beautiful plastic you can use
these metal or can make a knot
I slip so you can
use what is the earth
we are going to teach you how to elaborate here
little flowers we are going to paste these flowers
that we have elaborated you can
do in any large flower class
or small this is an idea so that
you can elaborate it and you can
have a lot more accessories for sale
or so that your ideas shine in any
opportunity we will use
what we have here tape 2
centimeters and you can use it from
satin or you can use the gross tape
whatever you have the size
of the flower is already at your pleasure here
we are going to show you again how
do we are going to bend the tip
when we get to half we start to roll it
you can go using a needle and
thread or you can just stick with
hot silicone or hot silicone each
once they go rolling up so that for
they holding the flower when they have
made the roll that is going to be the center
let's start folding the ribbon
this way and we are starting to
roll in the center of the flower
we keep sticking silicone and stick it
again we bend and roll is
just fold tape roll it up and
paste it with silicone the size that
you want there they are forming what
what is the little flower so that you
encourage girls who have not been able
elaborate the can do continue to bend
they are sticking in the center of the flower and
we are hitting
here the process is
consecutive to be encouraged and the
can elaborate here we are going to do it
quickly you there in your homes what
they do it more calmly so that they are left
much prettier
we continue bending and hitting
the size you no longer decide
depending on how you want the accessory if
they want it very well if they want
the smallest flowers like you
already want when they are going to finish
make the flowers simply
cut they have to look at how much of
ribbons they will use to make
cut across the tape and that all
the flowers of the same size you there
you already liked you two tape
centimeters so that they remain large
appointments and I'm going to show you the
miniature flowers if you the
they want to make more little ones for
end simply you apply
silicone in the end
pitt the little part at the end they're going to
stick on the back
there it is already hidden and the
little flowers to finish the little flowers
that those who plan and so short what
it's the back quote part and they seal with
the heat in this way is not going to
drop and the heat helps you to fix in
the tapes and do not break down the
little flower then here we already have
the show me bigger plus
little girl as you wish or the
can do in miniature flowers
If you like, we want to have the
small and medium
to start hitting just like now
we have half of it from then on
let's start using silicone
hot
let's paste
and from there we will be guided where
let's keep hitting the flowers
try that the little flower is left
planet so they can work it
much better and in this way they
is the accessory very nice you
here we are going to do quickly
that you can see finished the
land
and be encouraged to elaborate what can
use any kind of flower
small or large is already at your pleasure
girls all you have to do is
try to do them if they do not get the
Cord braid or braids with any
material they have at hand
here we are placing the little flowers
that we are rather separated
you look at how far they can go
use if they want it more united more
this is stuck and creativity of you
the design that you want to give yourself
If you want, you can place the
different shades as you like
as you are encouraged to elaborate the
there are girls who love each other
Send me your work with great pleasure
the receipts and many girls have
sent and they have worked much better than
the ones that I 've really done that
I congratulate the souls that continue
girls you just have to let them dry
to be able to
use the let's flip it and that's how
to be a very beautiful land that you
they can sell very well
cheer up and I really hope as always
Your comments are very important for
they support me and encourage me to continue
ahead
I hope you share our videos with your
family and friends and wait for next
easy cheap and quick videos of
do